For German version:

call the batch file GERMAN.BAT.  This will copy the appropriate conquer.h and
credits.txt files where they need to be, and set the proper network aliases
for drives S: and T:.  It also deletes all the object modules, and ends by
briefing up DEFINES.H.  You should comment out //#define ENGLISH and //#define
FRENCH, and un-comment #define GERMAN.  Also, change the release flag to make
sure that #define RELEASE_VERSION is the only version being made, and make
sure that //#define DONGLE is commented out.

Make sure that the german maps and such are all up to date, by copying the
maps to the directory GERMAPS, and then building the maps by calling
MAKEGER.BAT EXPAND2.MIX and MAKEGER GENERAL.MIX.  If GENERAL changes, then
you also have to rebuild v:\projects\c&c0\cstrike2\cdger\cd4\main.mix.  If
EXPAND2.MIX changes, you have to copy s:t\m\expand2.mix to the patch
directory, f:\projects\c&c0\setup\aftermth\patch\german\ra200.

After building RA95.EXE and GAME.DAT, also copy them up to the patch
directory.

The .MIX files that changed are MOVIES1, EXPAND2, SOUNDS, and GENERAL.  There
may have been others, but that's probably about it.

Note, German version has several different art files, primarily removing
blood from the infantry/civilians and removing some movies.  Also different
is PIPS.ANM, with words for HOLD, READY, and PRIMARY.



For French version:

Follow all the above steps, but substitute FRENCH.BAT and MAKEFRE.BAT.  The
final destination directory is CDFRE instead of CDGER, of course, and the
patch directory is FRENCH instead of GERMAN, again of course.

If MAKEFRE locks up processing sound files, use MAKER instead
of MAKE.

Note, French version uses most of the same art files.  Different
is PIPS.ANM, with words for HOLD, READY, and PRIMARY.  Also different are all
the hi-res version's sidebar icons.  German has its own icons as well.

